
Here you will find the rationale beyond the use of GPL license in this
lwIP porting instead of the BSD-license which is used in lwIP code.

We think that releasing the RTL-lwIP project under the BSD license do
not protect the freedom of the author. The BSD license allows any
company to get the code and sell it with nothing in return to the
community.

The GPL prevents a malicious company of making money selling the
"effort" (code, design, etc.)  of other people. Getting for free
(gratis) the code (work) of other people and selling it for a fee. The
GPL gives to the developer the protection against this not desirable
situation.

On the other hand, GPL code can be used by companies with not problem
at all.  If the GPL code states clearly the boundaries of the GPL code
(please, see the http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.html), a company
can use (link) the GPL code and sell ITS PRODUCT in a closed way. All
the development done by that company (its home made code) is
absolutely under the control (distribution policy, licensing, patents,
etc.) of the company. But if the company improves GPL code then the
code belongs to the community which created it, and should be returned
to the community.

Most of the code of this porting is verbatim copied from the original
lwIP code, which is BSD licensed. But the contributed code of this
project (RT-Linux porting) is covered by the GPL license, with the
explicit exception that code that links (using the lwIP API) with this
porting do not need to be GPL.

--- GPL exception ----
Linking RTL-lwIP statically or dynamically with other modules is
making a combined work based on RTL-lwIP.  Thus, the terms and
conditions of the GNU General Public License cover the whole
combination.

As a special exception, the copyright holders of RTL-lwIP (*) give you
permission to link RTL-lwIP with independent modules that communicate
with RTL-lwIP solely through the interfaces, regardless of the license
terms of these independent modules, and to copy and distribute the
resulting combined work under terms of your choice, provided that
every copy of the combined work is accompanied by a complete copy of
the source code of RTL-lwIP (the version of RTL-lwIP used to produce
the combined work), being distributed under the terms of the GNU
General Public License plus this exception.  An independent module is
a module which is not derived from or based on RTL-lwIP.

Note that people who make modified versions of RTL-lwIP	are not
obligated to grant this special exception for their modified versions;
it is their choice whether to do so.  The GNU General Public License
gives permission to release a modified version without this exception;
this exception also makes it possible to release a modified version
which carries forward this exception.
------

Take in mind that RTL-lwIP is GPL code although it includes BSD
code. So using RTL-lwIP force users to comply with the GPL
requirements. Please, read the file GPL.license in this directory.


* This porting was supported under Spanish grant
TIC2002-04123-C03-03: SISTEMAS DE TIEMPO REAL EMPOTRADOS, FIABLES Y
DISTRIBUIDOS BASADOS EN COMPONENTES.
